chore: v0.45.0 Release Notes (#10760)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

There has been some changes in **gas consumption**, namely:

- We now charge gas in two new places: on `.Seek()` even if there are no entries, and for the key length (on top of the value length).
- When block gas limit is exceeded, we comsume the maximum gas possible.

We also fixed the bug when the last transaction in a block exceeds the block gas limit, it returns an error result, but the tx is actually committed successfully.

Finally, a small improvement in Increase maximum proposal description size from 5k characters to 10k characters.

### API-Breaking Changes

- The `BankKeeper` interface has a new `HasSupply` method to ensure that input denom actually exists on chain.
- The `CommitMultiStore` interface contains a new `SetIAVLCacheSize` method for a configurable IAVL cache size.
- `AuthKeeper` interface in `x/auth` now includes a function `HasAccount`.

Finally, when using the `SetOrder*` functions in simapp, e.g. `SetOrderBeginBlocker`, we now require that all modules be present in the function arguments, or else the node panics at startup. We also added a new `SetOrderMigration` function to set the order of running module migrations.

### Improvements

> Some speedup improvements (e.g. speedup iterator creation after delete heavy workloads, lower allocations for `Coins.String()`, reduce RAM/CPU usage inside store/cachekv's `Store.Write`) are included in this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Speedup improvements (e.g. speedup iterator creation after delete heavy workloads, lower allocations for `Coins.String()`, reduce RAM/CPU usage inside store/cachekv's `Store.Write`) are included in this release.
* Upgrade Rosetta to v0.7.0 .
* Support in-place migration ordering.
```
